update: Clarifying identified_only behaviour for identified and anonymous events (#9085)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/product-analytics/identify.mdx

## Anonymous and identified events

> If your `person_profile` config option is set to `identified_only`, PostHog will continue to capture all events but only events which count as identified will be associated with a person profile. All other events will display in your activity tab with this note when you click on the user Id for the person: "No profile associated with this ID".
> 
> When using the `identified_only` option, person profiles are only created once you have called one of the following functions or methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `person_profile` config option is set to `identified_only`, PostHog continues to capture all events but, for users without a person profile, these will be anonymous events. This means you can't do person-level analysis on them. For example, when you click the person ID in the activity tab, you'll see a note saying "No profile associated with this ID."

When using the `identified_only` option, person profiles are only created once you call one of the following functions or methods:
```

Author: @ivanagas Thank you! this is great - I was really struggling to word this one.
